listen so this won't we starts with an
Oscar Wilde quote which I thought was so
ironic considering what it says well a
lot of people are talking about Liam
Neeson's for other reasons I'm so here
calling out the fact that this man makes
the same movie every year just in a
different setting and I came out of this
thinking it was an OK rented but what
really baffled me was that I had no idea
this was being pitched as a dark comedy
let me explain so cold pursuit is
actually a remake of a Norwegian film
titled in order of disappearance and
before the same group comes out
complaining about remakes it's actually
directed by the same guy who made the
original so he pretty much came in and
pulled the funny games and wanted the
job done himself personally I think the
original is better partly because of the
acting but I also think the humor works
better in the original language and
setting both movies revolve around a
snow plow driver seeking revenge after
his son was off by a local drug kingpin
on accidents because his buddy was the
one who was scraping from the top but
like I said this thing is a low-key
comedy there's this bit at the morgue
that was done for comedic effect before
I even knew it was supposed to be one
it's making fun of stereotypes in the
movie by having characters say their
roles within the thriller like I am the
messenger a hotel receptionist tells the
Native Americans they need a reservation
the film is broken down into death which
I thought was pretty cool and there's
sometimes done for comedic effect but
the best one is done after the final
shootout where it just shows everyone's
name on the screen even the credits
appear in order of disappearance since
you know that's the name of the original
there's a flip on the henchmen storyline
as these two have a secret relationship
and want to run away together before
they get screwed from behind let the
Indian do it is a line that comes from a
Native American towards a middle-eastern
employee but my favorite part out of all
of them that actually made me laugh the
most was when the wife stops the drug
lord from slapping her let me explain
have you ever seen those clips where
someone sets up for a slap and somehow
the slappy doesn't see it coming like
they'll be winding up like hot damn
Johnny Cueto and still won't move out of
the way like there's so much time for
this person to duck out I could make a
cup of tea during the
setup and yet somehow they always get
slapped well this movie finally catches
the mid slap anyways in this dark comedy
Liam Neeson's is about to commit suicide
after his son's death when he decides to
pick up his coach and starts taking down
the gang one by one Laura Dern's also in
the movie as his wife that I guess she
subscribed to the independence and she
dips out like really early in this movie
but the way she leaves is bogus like she
leaves behind a card that's completely
blank I can only say that thieves
leaving something in your house is worse
than actually taking something because
then it just messes with your psyche and
you're wondering why would Slade II left
a blank card Liam doesn't even think
twice about it and just continues to
walk the streets looking for the right
man to kill until he realizes who the
kingpin is Brendon Urie 2.0 now this guy
is a straight car - no offense to me cuz
whenever there's a panic at 9:00 in the
afternoon he's flipping out for every
single reason his ex-wife is the one who
slaps him back when he's tweaking about
his kid he's walking around like the
human version of dr. Doofenshmirtz he
starts a war with the Native American
cartel like a buffoon and he just
continues to prove that even in drug
circles there's a nepotism emmy rossum
also plays a police officer in this
movie who spends most of it just
shamelessly tweaking over the most
meniscal things while there's an actual
drug war going on but they finally
realize it they just show up - for
cleanup duties
typical several disappearances later and
Liam decides to kidnap Brendon Yuri's
kid to really get with him and the kid
who suffers from Stockholm Syndrome real
quick
even though Liam's trying to bait the
gang into a trap he and said gets
captured faster than he gets cancelled
and it just completely ruins everything
luckily the Native American gang gets
the location tip there's a massive
shootout at this place only these two
survived and the cleanup crew shows up
to clear the bodies as my theory that
officer get being an Inside Man the
whole time gets carried away with but
what about Willy alesis is now one of
the big lines in the movie is the
kingpin telling his son to hit his
bullies back and the kid goes no because
then I'll be just as bad as them and I
thought that was interesting
I also thought that the Native American
reservation bit was funny because the
second joke that comes up in there is
one of the crew members saying that they
could ruin the
Hotel just by talking bad about them
online through a yelp review so while
I'm sure most have made up their minds
on the nice and interview and you know
I'm no one but a cartoon since people
have asked me and since it goes very
well with this video or movie about
revenge I figured I'd give my thoughts
for those who made it this far into this
specific video Neeson was wrong I don't
think anyone is defending what he
admitted to because the idea that you
could just be strolling down the street
and then Schindler comes out of nowhere
and Jason Todd you is sickening that
mentality that you want to blame a whole
group of people for a crime which mind
you everyone keeps forgetting that
someone got raped in this scenario and I
don't think there was justice is
disgusting it's something that needs to
be seen as a disease and confessed upon
because in order to change everyone
knows that admitting is the first step
but then when people do that this
happens it is always interesting how
outlets wait till the release of the
movie so that their story can get more
traction and you know I get that that's
the point of it that's how posting works
but what's really interesting is how
they decide to spin it what they decide
to keep in and what they decide to omit
if that makes them look bad so but
that's primarily they enjoy the
limelight do the rounds forget that he
said this horrible horrible when I think
back but I did that I've never admitted
that to insanity journalists but I did
learn a lesson from and then instead of
going after actual supremacist who are
legit hurting people you focus on making
this your headline an interview that you
could have spun as a lesson but instead
for some reason made a hit piece because
in all honesty I think the biggest
takeaway of all this is being careful
where you disclose things most of it is
is is treated the way it is because of
how he told the story and where he told
the story I think if Liam Neeson had
told that story on Oprah and there was
like a conversation we would have seen
it as a person admitting to a time in
their life when they allowed their anger
and hatred to fester into a racism that
they were ashamed of remember when that
Chipotle incident happened and everyone
wanted to cancel her and then like this
isn't even an opinion it literally got
flipped around Chipotle had to come out
and retry
her statement and apologize for
listening to Twitter that fast because
these scumbags had a criminal past by
doing this all the time
some people have still yet to delete
their original tweets remember when the
Washington incident happened and
everyone was claiming they heard things
being shouted in a video to this day no
one can pull up that video and it even
got to the point that people had to redo
their statements and yet still some have
kept their original tweets so what I'm
asking as a cartoon is if we're all
seeing everyone run down the same path
that has black ice on it and they're
slipping why are we still so quick to
run down the same path I'm not saying
you have to forgive Liam Neeson because
if he would have done that yo he would
have been in jail and rightfully so and
I personally don't care about Liam
Neeson or any celebrities because if I
don't know them there's no reason for me
to defend them but when you get a
scenario like Terry Crews coming out and
trying to make a point that he sees
Liam's confession as progress a progress
that should be spread and that he sees
Neeson's career as that of a person
who's out there trying to make a change
and then Twitter tells Terry that's why
he got raped bruh
how do you cancel cancel culture but
allow me you're just being complacent
what's your resolution
y'all ever seen Erin Brockovich that
actually actively getting involved as a
part of the solution not reacting to
whatever is on the trending page from
the comfort of your own home on your
smartphone because you yourself want to
go trending
I don't know Liam Neeson and I'm very
big again I'm not defending a person I
don't personally know but if I'm judging
the situation it sucks that this is just
gonna internalize a lot of guilt in
people because they're afraid they're
gonna get chastised and does never seek
the help or guidance they need to make a
change but hey the independent got its
clicks I myself I think that the
Internet is a mob mentality and instant
gratification mentality and people we
talk about how we we're trying to be
better people how their Internet's
trying to make better people because we
connect the world and then we see
somebody on like and we get pissed off
and we want to destroy it right down the
spine even doing it better yeah he just
thought he had thoughts and he said I
feel bad about it and I don't want to be
that evening sound like you want to be
that person you know sorry yeah until
something else comes out we got to learn
to forgive you know I mean [ __ ] this was
year
ago and if he has it or is not doing it
now he should go to therapy
cuz that like I said listening to tell
that story man for him that happened
yesterday that is racism that you have
the fact that you think you could just
go out and kill a black man but you're
gonna kill any black man for what a
black man might have done is a form of
racism cuz you're going the whole race
should be condemned so you should be
able to accept and be like yes I I was
thinking a racist thought but a lot of
time I find people are afraid to admit
that they ever had a racist thought
because then Society says you are racist
for ever and then that's it so there's
no value in in in atoning I guess you
know and he keeps going out and giving
more interviews that make it worse I'm
like why do you like the things that he
says I'm just like clearly your
particular set of skills doesn't include
shedding I'm curious to know your
thoughts down below in the comment
section these are just some of the
videos I'm aware it goes both ways but I
personally see it as a scenario where
people took it out of hand in order to
be able to chastise somebody when the
person came out and was chastising
themselves here scenario thoughts about
the scenario about the movie I think
that they're completely correlated I
always get those comments or someone
goes you didn't completely talk about
the movie or those it there hand-in-hand
so I'm Kirsten are your thoughts on it
considering that the movies about
revenge it's crazy to see where all this
is gone counselor culture tries to
cancel someone every week until they
themselves get canceled so it's a very
interesting scenario but I'm curious are
your thoughts down below in the comment
section don't forget to comment like and
subscribe or I will find you